you
I always thought that urban legends were
fairy tales but two years ago I attended
leaf more high an old and respected
educational institution that was run by
the freedmen brothers Leonard and
Herbert twin brothers that had
specialized in experimental botany life
was beautiful then and I remember so
many good times with my friends Ashley
Josh Kenny and Shannon until Herbert
Friedman decided to use the students as
guinea pigs for an experiment that would
save the life of his diseased brother
Leonard all of us were infected with
mutated spores that Friedman released
into the air to survive we had to kill
our teachers after that night I did a
lot of bad stuff and ended up in prison
but I served my time without protesting
I'm out now and I just want to forget
about leaf more and everything that
happened there
we have to get a move on may we're gonna
miss the drinks it's vens okay I'm
coming with you